add section for the new trait solver (#1551)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/solve/canonicalization.md

# Canonicalization

While the exact approach to canonicalization for this solver will differ slightly
wrt to lifetimes, please visit [the relevant chalk chapter][chalk] for now.

> As of the 10th January canonicalization is not yet fully implemented for the solver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of the 10th January 2023 canonicalization is not yet fully implemented for the solver.
```

> As of the 10th January 2023 canonicalization is not yet fully implemented for the solver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of 10<!-- date-check --> January 2023, canonicalization is not yet fully implemented for the solver.
```
We have a tool that checks these hidden comments to ensure that we get notified if things get stale (currently set at 6 months), and it produces [this example report](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide/issues/1539).

# Canonicalization

While the exact approach to canonicalization for this solver will differ slightly
wrt to lifetimes, please visit [the relevant chalk chapter][chalk] for now.

> As of 10<!-- date-check --> January 2023, canonicalization is not yet fully implemented

Reviewer 3: You can place the date inside the comment if it bothers the writing style :)

Author: not sure what exactly you mean here '^^ feel free to edit this section if you want :grin: i think it's a bit ugly rn but don't care too much.

Reviewer 2: I would be something like...
```
<!-- date-check: jan 2023 -->
As of 10 January 2023,  canonicalization is not yet fully implemented
```
